If I turn my headphones down enough to not have you be that loud, I can't hear myself
in the mic and it just bothers me. I like to know like our balanced levels or I'm sorry Chris,
though, because now he's got this little like, he's got it in my room. He's got it. Yeah,
a little extra work. A little extra worky work. There you go.
I feel like every product goes through this where it's like the inch identification thing.
I remember when I first started using Riverside, I didn't really feel like it was
bad or like, it was simple or straightforward. But I feel like what happened is they kept having
to us edge cases because how often did something go wrong recording wise? Like there was maybe
one case and seemed like it was kind of our fault. But up there from their perspective,
if like 1% of recordings were failing, that's like really bad. So then they started to introduce
all these fixes for it. Like it was opening a new tab and doing so from the background for a while,
like, and I'm assuming this I can't switch a mic during recording, that's probably has to do
something with just catching all these things. But yeah, it makes like the average experience
worse while making like the worst case experience better. But it just like there's can't be no other
way, I think. Yeah, like, unless you're building just a thing for you to use. In that case, it's like,
you can make exactly what you want. You don't have to care about the 1%. It's just like,
if it works for you, it works. Is that where we're headed with AI? I had to bring up AI. We're
two minutes in this podcast and I had to say, I was like, damn it, I gave him an angle.
Like, we all just have our own like bespoke software that's handwritten for us on demand lazily.
Okay, so here's my my test for that, right? So I think every person has an idea for the ideal
chopping cart list app or like some kind of to do type thing where there's a 100 of these apps,
but everyone wants like some specific way of doing it. I know Liz specifically has has this.
And I don't think I've seen a single person show off. Oh, hey, I finally use AI to build this
Java card app. I've always knew. So if we see if we see a world where like a bunch of people you
talk to are all like have their own shopping cart app, they built themselves. That's probably a good
test of whether this whole brain programming to the masses thing is happening or not.
Yeah. So I think there it's possible after this podcast episode, we're gonna get like 14 DMs,
people are gonna have built these and bolt and lovable and whatever else. Here's the reason I
bet we haven't seen it yet. None of the people that use those products are living in domestic
bliss. They don't have a need for a shopping app. They're like in cells that are in their basement
just doing what in cells do. You know what I mean? They're not thinking about their shopping.
Yeah, exactly. Mom gets the groceries. They don't just think about it. I guess.
I mean, yeah, but like that's that's that's why it's a good test because it would have to hit.
Yeah, man. The mainstream part of the world where, you know, people are normal and do things like
shopping. I feel like the tech is there. I mean, I feel like the models are good enough that you
could probably see like Jim and I like Google is perfect for that in the next year. I could see
Google having helpful stuff that's just built for Google users. Like you use Gmail. Here's a helpful
thing. I could see that. Yeah, exactly. So yeah, that's why because it's clear that yeah, you can
use an L M to build your ideal shopping cart app. That's like not. I know there's a skeptics, but I
think reasonably you can say that I can do a good job at that. So given it's possible and given there
are tools like Bolt V zero, whatever that let you do it. The remaining question is, is this actually
going to be a thing that the average person is into doing? Yeah, I think there's been waves of
stuff like this where something becomes accessible, but that doesn't mean like everyone starts doing
it. It's usually like there's like a couple months where everyone's like, Oh, we can now do this. And
then everyone does it. And then it just kind of dies out. And it's not like a part of your day to
life at all. This happened with the AI music stuff for me. It was like, I had a burst where I was just
like using it a ton. And I still use it here and there like for Liz's baby shower, I was playing
like really bespoke music for what was literally going on during the baby shower, which was funny.
Yeah. Yeah. So it's not zero, but you know, I'm not like making my all my own music and my
primary listening to music I made myself. I feel like the people using these tools like
bolt, lovable, replant, whatever, they're that guy that everybody knows that has like 14 side
hustles. Like he's he finds like some deal on like, like some old palette of Nike shoes that
were defective. And he like buys the palette and he figures out a way to resell them on eBay or
whatever. Like it's that guy. It's those like very like, I mean, they're very entrepreneurial,
but they're kind of like everything they do is just kind of like sloppy and like just trying to get
just temporary term. Yeah. I feel like that's the kind of guy like I'm thinking of specific
people in my head, the kind of person that uses these apps right now because they're going to
build like these amazing businesses now that they don't need a coder. I think that's where that
market exists right now. And it's like a long ways from like my wife or your wife or people who are
normal. It's the thing is like, I feel like engineers love building for that persona for some reason,
because I think that persona, I'm trying to think about why it's like you need to build a really easy
to use product for someone like that because they're not going to spend time with anything
difficult. So it's like it feels like you're doing something valuable because you're making
something easier and it's challenging to do that. And you generally that maybe can build something
nice. But these people don't pay you anything. So it's just like, right, build these like nice
products for like just the worst customer on the planet. Yeah, it's a big trap that keeps existing.
Yeah, I started to go into some insights I have into the world of degenerate purchasers,
but I'm not going to go there because it's just like, it's probably like inside information I
shouldn't share. But anyway, moving on. So I have some I have some stuff to bring up. So did you see
that crunchy? I almost said crunchy roll. I was thinking when you said crunchy, the first thing I
thought was crunchy roll. I was like, what is crunchy roll? Is that a sushi place? I can't even
remember. No, it's a it's like a Netflix for anime. Oh, how do I know that exists? I don't watch
anime or know anything about it. That's funny. Yeah, I do know some things about anime. I mean,
I blanking on all the words wifu. Hi, hi, I don't know. I've heard a bunch of the words.
Is that a model on Twitter again? Oh, yeah, yeah. Sorry.
Every once in a while, people like throw anime terms at me and I'm like, okay, I guess that
one will stick, but I just forgot them also. Yes. Crunchy, not crunchy. No, not crunchy roll crunchy
data. Sorry, crunchy data. What is crunchy? So crunchy data was a Postgres host and another Postgres
startup. So when that when when average database CEO says eight Postgres startups, there really
are eight of them. I don't even know what they are. But this is like, this is like the real one.
This is like the legit one out of all of them, because they've been around for a long time.
Do you remember Will, Will King, our coach for basketball? Of course.
To our member will. He will go way back. We played basketball. Oh, he works at crunchy data.
Oh, do you go way back? Because you didn't even know where he works. Yeah, we played basketball
together. And that's way back. I guess that was a while ago. So he yeah, he works there, but uh,
they got acquired by this. I'm going to mix with the order. I think this was snowflake
that acquired them. Another database startup, right? Yes, crunchy data. Okay. So crunchy
data is one of the more legit ones. They've been around for a while. Their product is something
that can run on AWS, cool cloud, whatever. It's just very center Postgres. They have a lot of like
the legit Postgres people working there. They're like, they're really like, I know there's obviously
like a hundred Postgres companies, but to me, they're like the Postgres company, similar,
they're the closest to how planned scales with my sequel company. Yeah. Okay.
But they got acquired for 250 million. The reason this is funny to me is because a month ago,
Nian announced that they were acquired for one billion by Databricks.
Wait, what Nian got acquired for a billion dollars? Yeah, which I knew was always going to happen.
Yeah. Well, that's all database companies do is get acquired. It's ever planned scale.
They're just going to be huge. But it feels like I can think of so many stories of database
companies or data companies, I guess, getting acquired. Like if you do something in the analytics,
or database space, sorry. And anything like data, even data engineering related,
tends to get acquired like warp stream. So data bricks and snowflake are like mortal enemies.
They are like in most intense competition, you could think of, I looked at their market cap,
because I'm like, Oh, it's one like clearly better than the other. Their market caps are like
basically the same. They're both public companies. They're like, you know, they're roughly the
exact same market cap. So clear and both of the announcements, which I think is kind of a fake
announcement, we're like, Oh, we're acquiring these Postgres companies, because these are going to
be the back ends for all these AI agents in the future, whatever we need, like an OLTP database
that, you know, does back to stuff. Again, I think that just framing around AI hype, whatever,
to make it make sense. But clearly, something went on behind the scenes, because so Nikita,
the founder of neon, I knew that he was eventually going to get bored of it and sell it for like a
really big number, because he's just in that world. And I know he can maneuver a good exit.
I mean, I don't know if it was good, because they did raise, I'm sure they were valued at 500
million their last round or something like that. So maybe it's like not that crazy of an outcome.
But ignoring that, clearly data bricks and snowflake got played against each other for this neon
acquisition. Because that's the reason they like ratcheted the price up to a billion. And then to
announce a crunchy data acquisition, like right after that, it must have been, you know, data
bricks one that went out that battle and then snowflake went to crunchy. But it's so funny to me,
because if you really want to acquire like a talented team that's good at databases,
like that's clearly the crunchy team, like they built, like they have like real customers,
like it's like a much more tested thing. But they got them for one fourth the price.
Yeah, to be like, so they losing this battle. Yeah, it's kind of good. Yeah.
I mean, I was like, I was saying I was like, maybe snowflake is actually really, really clever,
and they tricked David. Yeah. I love assigning like cleverness to situations.
It's never the case. People, it's called not the case, but it's just fun to think about like,
oh, they galaxy pranked it hard. I love it. That's like, how in what world do you pay
four times as much for neon? That's you do for just, it just makes no sense to me. But yeah,
it's just the times we live in, you know, when there's a churny frothy environment, like,
like there's with AI stuff. Also, like, I don't really get why they're so aggressive about like,
is it really the AI thing? Like, I get them wanting to have an OLTP database in their,
in their product offering that makes little sense. But like, what is this AI angle?
But our OLTP database is really aligned with AI. I feel like just text files is the AI move.
Yeah, I don't, I mean, it's just like, it's just a useful database that can be used for a lot of
things. So like, yeah, you build AI apps on it, just like you build literally anything on post
because maybe it's maybe it's a bet, again, galaxy branding, maybe it's just a bet on the
proliferation proliferation, proliferation of software in general, AI is going to just bring
out a boom in software. Yeah, that makes sense. And I think that that's probably the more more
reasonable thing. But like the data bricks one kept focusing around. So neon's architecture is
good for spinning up a bunch of databases that never get used. Free tier. Yeah, so it's very
optimized for again, what we were talking about earlier, it's a really great DX experience for
the customers that never use you, that never have any usage, I mean. So that I see how it's
primed a little bit more for some of this stuff, because yeah, if both, and these are all these
companies are letting people spin up like a million apps a week. It's good to have a Postgres
database that doesn't cost anything to run. Because I know super base is like integrated
with some of these tools, and they're not like that. I'm pretty sure they're like spinning up
an EC2 instance or like packing an EC2 instance for every single one. And it's just not optimized
for that. So it's probably very expensive, then to support these like zero revenue users. Yeah.
So the neon one, I see why the serverless angle makes makes sense. But I think all these companies
will probably just build a purpose built like completely integrated database that makes sense
for this type of thing. Because like shoehorning Postgres into being serverless is like, you can
do it like neon did, but it's like something like Dynamo like fits a lot more like that model.
They're just like build a custom database and attach to one of these tools. I think that's
probably the end state if these tools even make any sense. Yeah, the free tier thing just reminded
me of the US spending bill. What is what is this human urge to just like forget the future?
What's just like, you know what I mean? Like this, the free tier thing is the same urge to just like
go into crazy debt and like doesn't need to be sustainable. Like Planet Scott, I wish the US government
ran like Planet scale. I feel like that's that's the approach of like we're going to be sustainable.
Well, it's not fundamentally wrong because it makes sense like debt. I think most people
have such a negative relationship with the word debt, but technically it makes total sense if it's
productive. Like if you need to build a farm that produces apples, you need some upfront capital to
do that. You got to borrow it from someone that isn't using it, right? Yeah. But eventually there's
a clear path to that debt being productive. And sometimes it doesn't work out. But yeah, like there's
obviously there's other kinds of debt where it's just like you just take it out to spend it on
something that isn't productive at all. It doesn't increase the future or anything. It's like an
expense luxury. I mean, that's the next topic I was going to bring up. Did you see all the Twitter
stuff yesterday? Yes, Elon. And okay, I want to get into that one last footnote on the Planet
scale thing reminded me the average database CEO Twitter account. That's like the worst kept secret
in the world that that's Sam, right? That's not Sam. It's somebody else. It has to be Sam. No, no,
there's no way that's not Sam. We know who it's actually not a secret. So I asked Sam being like,
who is this? And he linked me to someone and he was like, it's him. And I don't think it's a
secret either. Oh, I just was so sure I read it in Sam's voice. Like all of his insights are
so Sam-like. Okay, interesting. I mean, I'm sure he gets accused that all the time. I think he
mentioned that before. Yeah, it's not him to read it. Interesting. Okay, well, it's a great,
it's a great account though. It's great. I love all the things that that account says. Fantastic.
It's okay. Wait, one more thing. Until that account came out. It's one of those great,
I think they say like comedies about like comedies and observations, like you observe stuff that
has always been there, but no one's looked at or like put into certain words. That's a perfect
example of it because I'm like, oh, yeah, like a database CEO is like a thing. Like I never realized
that was a category of person and we've all had like a lot of experience with it. Yeah.
And so good. Okay, so Elon versus Donald Trump. Yes. This is quite a timeline. It is so interesting.
I mean, just so entertaining. If nothing else, I don't know what it all means, but like,
definitely most entertaining outcome got to say. Yeah, I was a so a few meta things. So one,
I didn't because remember how I like read, I changed my relationship with Twitter. That plugin.
So I didn't see it at all. Someone like Jay posted it in our team discord. That's how I saw it.
Then I was like, Oh, this is a case where I actually want to like see all this, like all the memes
and all this stuff around it. So I flip to the for you tab. It like wasn't showing me anything.
I like successfully fixed my Twitter experience. Like it's not showing me any of this stuff.
You can press it because that's all that's on that timeline.
I saw like nothing. Yeah. And then the other thing I was like,
because I think when when Jay posted it, it was like 10 minutes after Elon posted it and already
had like 200,000 likes or some crazy number. Yeah. I was like, is this going to be the most like
tweet of all time? I saw this morning. It was a million. I've never seen one. That's why I saw
him. Okay. So I was looking at so when I Google like, what are the top most like tweets of all time?
The number one, it's like, it's it's kind of random to me. It's uh, do you guys you remember
when the actor that played Black Panther died? Chadwick Boseman, I think his name is. That's the
number one most like tweet like announcing his death. Really? Yeah. And then Elon is like,
he has like three tweets in the top 10, obviously, because I think his account was rigged. But I think
the third one is next I'm buying Coca Cola to put the cocaine back in. That was like the third most
like tweet. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just I'm scrolling here to make sure. What is that fact checking me?
No, I'm fact checking. That's number two. Number two is Elon, the Coca Cola one. Oh, that's number two.
I was just trying to find that tweet from yesterday, the one that we're actually talking about,
where he said the F scene file thing, right? Yeah. So so this one. Okay. So here's the thing,
as much as I love this, this feud, and it's funny how predictable this was, because this happens
with Trump and literally everyone, like, yeah, people enters administration, they leave and they
like start talking like they hate to go huge fallout. But Elon also had for the past year has
been just lying about everything left and right and kind of exaggerating everything. So I think
we've known that Donald Trump is technically in the F scene files. Like I think that's been public
knowledge that he's on the flight records and whatever. So he might just be saying that. Yeah.
I've seen pictures way before of him. Yeah. Yeah. So he might just be like
referring to that and playing there's more without knowing anything, unfortunately.
Like you're saying he didn't know anything more than we do? Yeah, exactly. Like he's
not anything more than we do or like there is nothing to know more than we do.
Yeah. I guess that's a good point for it to get like so much praise on Twitter or just like
all the likes and attention. And for him to position is such a like big bomb drop. It is a good point
that I've seen all the videos that have been surfacing now of like Trump at parties without
seeing like I've seen all that before. This isn't like new information.
It just might be the perfect like like populist angle just being like this will do really well
and people won't won't care. So it's possible that, you know, there may be something more but
that could also just be all it is. So I haven't actually followed this very closely. I've just
mostly seen that Elon tweets his Donald Trump gone nuclear on his side like attacking Elon back.
I'm sure I just know he's a very vindictive posting about. Yeah. He was like,
not trouble. He was a great way to save money. Let's just cancel all the contracts with
Elon's companies. And now say it was billions of dollars. And then Elon was like, well,
I'm going to disassemble the Crew Dragon, which I don't know. I saw that tweet. What is that
context? Yeah, what is that rocket that he's going to assemble? I think I mean,
I don't think Trump cares about that because I don't think Trump cares about anything.
It's like a dragon. What are you talking about? Yeah. What are you talking about? I don't care.
But I think I think all man missions for NASA go through that rocket from SpaceX. So it like
messes up. Wait, what? Oh, SpaceX does all the like astronaut missions now? Because they have
that Crew Dragon thing. I think Boeing does some of them too. But obviously there was that big
problem with astronauts got stuck in space with the Boeing one. Oh, geez. Oh, so they're like
manufactured by SpaceX, but like the NASA is the one doing the launches. Sorry. No, it's like
NASA astronauts, but in SpaceX, this launches SpaceX will begin decommissioning its dragon spacecraft
immediately. Dragon spacecraft. Yeah, Trump probably if I don't know, Trump probably doesn't know.
I think pretty much pretty much the US space program is built on top of the dragon spacecraft.
Gotcha. Yeah, I forget we have a space program like what do we do? We go to the we go to the
space station. Sometimes we go up and we're like, is there anything out here yet? Nope.
There's nothing out here. It's so funny to like get into sci-fi and realize like,
I listened to all these books and it's like, we haven't even been to Mars. When you listen to
these books and it's like, we're going to other star systems. We're doing like, it's like nobody
be able to drop something off at Pluto. Like, that's just like commonplace. And then it's like,
you look at real life and it's like, oh, yeah, we don't even like go anywhere. We can't even like
hardly get out of like the Earth orbit. I mean, the other thing that I think sci-fi, I think even
hard sci-fi and some hard sci-fi has like split the explanation to this. It's such a plot breaking
fact that communication is extremely slow. The further away you are, like if you go to Mars,
like the latency, I don't know what it is, but you know, the latency for sending light back is
it takes a while. The further out you are, the slower, and like in most of these stories,
like characters and different plans are like communicating in real time and stuff.
I guess the ones I've listened to, maybe I'm just listening to more accurate ones.
I don't feel like that's been a common thing. Like, if anything, I feel like they've talked
in the books I've listened to or read about the delay to like talk back to Earth.
Yeah. I mean, I've just lived, I'm on like my fourth sci-fi book. So like, well, I know.
I mean, it also can be like a useful plot point where you can like make interesting stuff happen
because there is a delay. Yeah. I think that was a factor in the Martian, if I remember correctly.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, in the Martian. Yeah. But like even a three-body problem,
I remember maybe they explained this. I was kind of confused at how they were like
talking to the aliens. Oh, well, it was quantum entanglement.
Entanglement. Why can't I speak? Entanglement. Yes. Yeah. But like, how do you send messages
in real time if there's also time dilation? Like, it's like something about that doesn't work.
Because I feel like you're basically sending messages from the future before they've actually
happened. If it's in real time. Well, the so fun thing is like just so different from normal,
like it's like, it's the entanglement thing. So I don't, I don't think it applies.
If you can get information to somewhere further away, basically instantly.
And you know, when you travel closest to speed of light, or like anytime you move anywhere,
there's a time dilation concept, where time travel, like time moves at different speeds. If
you can communicate instantly, it's like that information is not impacted by that. So
that leads to really weird situations where I think you can get information. It's like you're
kind of trying traveling. Oh, interesting. Sending that information. So yeah. Okay. Yeah. I need to
think about this more. I thought about this a while ago when I understood this better and I made,
and I concluded something, but I think there is a problem with that.
The trisolarans are moving, spoiler alert, by the way, they're moving close to the speed of light.
And you're saying if they can receive information from Earth through the sofons,
your quantum entanglement, if they're receiving real time information based on a time reference
on Earth, but they're moving in a very different time reference going close to the speed of light,
right? That information could be like from the future of the past or something. Yeah, exactly.
That there's like something, there's something that breaks there. I don't remember exactly which
way it goes, but yeah. That's a very big brain thought. The real life equivalent of all this
stuff is like so primitive, like we can't even. Yeah, we went to the moon once, like haven't tried
again. Have you thought of this concept where if Earth was a little bit bigger, chemical rockets
are just not viable? Oh, well, they discovered this exoplanet that I only thought about this
recently when I learned that there's that planet, it's like eight times the size of Earth, but they
discovered it because it has like one of those biosignatures we talked about on this very podcast.
Oh, yeah. The like biological whatever signature we could observe. It had one. It has some chemical
in the atmosphere that's like apparently tied to life. And it's eight times bigger than Earth. And
the point was, or some of the things that came out and you saw stuff on Twitter, was that like
they're bound to that planet. There's no way to escape the gravity of that planet. And I don't know
what no way means. Like if you had like the whole galaxy's energy, could you not get off? I don't
know. Yeah, but they said they made it sound like it's physically impossible for them to leave
the planet. So not just chemical rockets, theoretically, I guess they can't get off the planet at all,
which is interesting. Yeah, it's like, there's like, I think that people described as like a debt,
like we have like a gravity debt. And every time we want to escape, we have to pay that debt. And
where it's crazy, we have such perfect conditions here where like we can at our level of technology,
the gravity is such that we can actually escape it. Yeah, like if it was a little bit bigger,
like the chances are, yeah, it seems that seems really crazy. And it's like one of those other
things where you know how the solar eclipse or lunar whatever it is, like the moon is at the
perfect distance to probably in the size of probably that. Yeah, that they're basically the same size
in the sky because of distance. There's like pop, like all of the galaxies populated. People would
probably travel to Earth being like, there's this crazy thing that happens on Earth. It is like,
to see a solar eclipse. Yeah, it's such a good point. But like, to us, it doesn't feel that way,
it doesn't feel that special. I wonder if the people that like lived in Hawaii, their whole life
probably feel that way. Like, what do you mean? Like, yeah, volcano, like a crater, waterfalls,
like that's just all normal. No big deal. It's like when I was growing up, we had a pool table,
and we just never used it, because it's like we have one. So like, why would we use it?
Okay. And now I'm like, man, I wish I could play some pool. I don't know. We're talking about like
nature's grand. You're like, yeah, we had a pool table. It's like, kind of the same thing.
That's always the example I go to my brain when I think of like, what if we lived on the beach?
What if we just lived on like a private beach? And it's like, well, we probably just wouldn't go,
because when you have a pool table, you just don't even use it. You never play pool. It's a reality.
Do you guys have a pool pool? Do you? No, neighborhood. We go to the neighborhood door.
Right. We need to do that pretty often. Yeah, in the summer. So we go for like three weeks
every day, and then we get burned out and we never go again. That's basically every single
summer. Every summer, the second half of the summer, we're like, man, we did it again. We got to do
this better next year, and then we don't. Yeah. But that's actually an example of where there's a
break in between. So like, it feels new again. So maybe if you had a pool all the time, you just
never go into it. I remember my parents had a pool. We had a pool growing up and
like my friends came over and were glad that that was a thing. It was fun. But yeah,
we used the pool a lot growing up. I mean, when you live in a place where there's seasons,
it's like, it's only the summer. So like you said, you lose it.
This is dad on the other hand, like, this is a pool like a bathtub, literally every single day.
He keeps it so hot. It's like, yeah, it's like a hot pool. And he just soaks in it, like every
single day, he just goes in and just like sits in it. So he gets used out of it. That's amazing.
I will say, I would love to have like a large hot tub or a pool that was really warm on vacation.
We stayed at a place that had this kind of situation. It was like a cocktail pool or something. It was
basically like a big hot tub, but it was very warm. I love just getting the boys in it at night.
And like, we've been on the beach or I'll Sandy. And then we just like shower off getting there.
And it's like, they're clean. Yeah. They've been like a chlorine pool. They're good. I mean,
you need bath time now. Like we just go to bed. Yeah. It's the best.
So I guess before, you know, maybe I was at maybe into cold plunging even before you because I
remember growing up, we go in our hot tub and like it's be at night and it was like a little bit cold.
We crank the hot tub up to like 100 something degrees. We get in there and get super hot.
Then we would jump into the pool and it would be like freezing and freezing cold. Yeah. And we try
to swim as fast as we could to the pool back into the hot tub for a relief. And we do this over and
over just because it was funny, I guess. Like, I don't know. You were doing contrast therapy before
Hebrew and was even exactly had a podcast. No wonder my my knees are so good or whatever it's
supposed to do. Whatever it's supposed to do. The thing about cold, we've talked about cold
exposure on this. The thing I've come to grips with, cold exposure is just for the fun seats.
It's just for the like dopamine hit. You feel good for a few hours after. I don't think about
anything else. Everything else is like the data is pretty bad. They don't really know if it helps
with anything longevity or whatever. I think song is pretty helpful in a lot of ways for health,
but cold punch is literally just like, I feel good after I do it. And that's enough. That's why
I do it. Yeah, man. I've always been a person where I like don't like to how do I explain this is
gonna sound stupid if I explain it wrong. There's things you can do that put you in a better mood.
And I've always felt like you shouldn't need that. And I just go throughout my day without
doing those things. I'm just like, Oh, yeah, I can wake up and work and do my work every day.
And it's it's fine. But man, like it's just fundamentally true that when you work out,
you just feel amazing for the rest of the day. And it eventually catches up. Like I do the exact
same thing where I'm like, I don't need all those things for mental health. Like I don't need to
like balance my life. I can just go work every day and like be fine. And then it always catches up to
me. I always end up like super moody after like a few weeks of doing that and ignoring my all my
other needs. And I'm just like snippy and just just a terrible person to be around. And it always
does come back to like, Oh, if I just work out in the mornings, life is just good indefinitely.
Like I just do that every day. It's amazing how much it just works. And it's just like,
it's hard to really feel that it's working in the moment. It's like over a long period of time,
you have to see it. Yeah, I mean, it's just like that feeling you have where you know that feeling
you have the rest of the day when you've worked out where like your muscles feel a certain way.
Yeah, something about that just puts your brain in a really positive place. And it's wild how
effective it is. It's not like you need to do a crazy workout, even just like a 10 minutes
intense workout. Yeah, would give you this effect for like the whole day. Yeah,
it's just like, I did something and I feel like kind of exhausted. And it's just nice. I think
that's dope. I mean, I think it's literally just the dopamine thing. Man, we've been talking about
this Casey and I with the boys like art. I'm so nervous for just like being a parent is just
filled with anxiety as you can learn. I'm just so nervous for that generation that like,
it's very hard to avoid now at this point, like our society, we're just like all of our
dopamine systems are just wrecked. And when I first hear about that, like the fact that we're
all just like so with screens and everything else, we're just so like messed up. I'm like,
what is it really messing up? Like we're all fine, but we're not like there's so much anxiety,
depression, all these different things that like, I just feel like this generation coming up,
there's no way to really like you have to work really hard to avoid wrecking your dopamine systems
really badly. Do you have opinions on any of this? Is this just like woo-woo humor and stuff?
No, because like I am also someone. I mean, like I said earlier, like I tend to lean towards
this is kind of stuff gets overblown, but it's gotten to a point where even me who would like
remotely in the other way. Yeah, feels like it's bad. I think I was talking to Jay the other day,
and I was like, I really feel like we've advanced beyond the point of our biology at this point. I
feel like in so many aspects of life, like humans can adapt and we can adapt and we've been adapting
for a long time. But the amount of change in these certain dimensions, I feel like it's beyond what's
adaptable. Like out in front of our skis, like we've outpaced what our biology can adapt to.
Yeah, so like, and this has been obvious for a bit with food. Like that's been
clearly a thing where we can just like crank infinite calories into our bodies now. And like,
it's so easy. You can adapt to that at all. And then now with the other stuff like the cycle,
more psychological stuff, yeah, it's uh, and I think that the tricky part about this is as soon
you start talking about this, it starts to sound very familiar because in throughout all of history,
there's been moral panics about these things. And we probably sound exactly like people in 1900s
being like, are you aware the danger of books? You know, it was like, yeah, that was like a real
thing. But yeah, it's hard to not feel like it's different. Like the rate of change is so fast. I
have to put so much intentionality into my life to preserve some of these things where before it
was automatic. There was like so much work to like do the thing that used to just be you could,
you didn't have another option. When we were growing up, like it was just so different.
I feel like if it just like dropped the word dopamine, which just sounds like research papers
and science and stuff, if you just think about like having to work for any kind of enjoyment,
growing up, like we had to work for enjoyment. Like we were bored. We had to go to friends
house all the time, all the time, every single diet, wake up and be like, I want to die because
there's no plan. And that's like literally as simple as that. Like how much work we had to do
to entertain ourselves, like we'd have to like walk to a friend's house. And then that was like,
even then it's not a given that we're going to be able to entertain and entertain each other
like with our friend. It was nerve wracking. I tweeted about this other day. Do you remember
like knocking on the door and it's like you're like kind of nervous. You have to talk to the
parent who went to the door and you're opening and you're like, oh, can Jimmy play? And then like,
they're like, oh, it's going to say yes, it's going to come out. You must know what the curves are
talking to the adult. Yeah. And it sometimes is a no. And it feels bad. And when you're in a group,
it's always like three kids behind them. One kid has a brain. We're going to go up.
But then there's like strength in numbers because I don't want to miss out. And like, yeah,
yeah, there's just so many of those things. Someone's met a good stuff in that situation
that's happening. And it was just pain. It was like difficulty. Discomfort was like normal in life.
And now I feel like you can literally go a week and have nothing uncomfortable. Is that a word?
Uncomfortable. I suck talking uncomfortable. Whatever. I just need a reel of all the words
that I screwed up. I got you. You're passionate. Keep going. Keep going. Yeah. Well, just like,
I could go a week and not have a single uncomfortable thing in my life. You know what I mean? Like,
we can literally avoid all in comfort, all pain, all like effort. And just literally like,
have an idea, what seems like an ideal life of only pleasure and comfort. That's just like a
attainable in modern society. I know like, not everybody and like, I get there's privilege or
whatever. I don't know. I'm just saying like, society increasingly points us in this direction,
where you can just avoid all the bad stuff, like all the pain and all the work. And that's the whole
problem. Like, we need that stuff. Or we just start getting depressed. Yeah, it's crazy,
because like, you want to deny that you can sort of sing earlier, you want to kind of deny that
you need that stuff. And the time spent on that stuff you're using in a better way or whatever. But
yeah, I think we're just past some some threshold where that that makes any sense. It's like annoying
me how much work it is. Yes. It's like, you know, I think I said, the food thing has been around
for a while where if you want to eat healthy, it's now suddenly work, because there's just
bullshit and everything. And you got to like read the packaging on every single thing. And like,
you have to like learn about this stuff where, you know, before you just you just ate a fucking
potato and then there'd be a very active person to get nutrition right. Yeah.
And then now it's like, I hate that it's it's happening with attention. There's just all this
stuff just trying to hijack you all the time. Oh, just like this week, the amount of time I've
spent trying to configure my phone with the screen time settings to try and get like a thing down
that just really stops me from, especially like when I'm off work and in the evenings just unplugging
and not being so attached to like the notifications and the things going on in the work and whatever.
Like, I'm still, I haven't gotten it right. And I'm still just like, poor, you just have to,
it's so much effort to like fight against the things that are natural today, like with food,
with entertainment that this just like, you so many ways you can screw it up and not,
you can pour a lot of effort and not get it right and still just be off the rails.
Yeah, it's, uh, it's not like it's like before the only thing I had to think about was like,
I had to make sure I'm working out enough. Now it's like, there's other dimension that feels exactly
the same as trying to work out enough in this new place. I'm a little bit more optimistic again,
because this Twitter thing, because I've seen, I've been able to reshape it and I've seen like,
the actual positive change without losing too much. Yeah. So at least I feel a little bit like,
oh, this isn't inescapable. Like there is some amount of hope if you try.
Okay. I think they're, yeah, I think there's hope. I think it's like every individual,
our responsibility to like work really hard to shield yourself from this inevitability of society.
I will say I'm not super in a good place or like hopeful right now because of the screen time stuff.
Like I only started setting up screen time stuff because I learned, and this is so embarrassing,
I learned, I spent three hours a day on my phone. That's, I probably way higher than you.
That's insane to me. If I think about how little time I feel like I have in life and how busy things
are, and I think I spent three hours just on my phone is so depressing. And like 100 pickups a day,
like your iPhone will tell you this stuff. Like how many pickups and how many hours and
minutes or whatever you spend on every app, it's depressing. And I just have been spending
that time this week. And now I'm just like, this all sucks. We got to throw it all away.
Guess what my daily average is? Oh God, you're on Twitter a lot. Now I just want to know what
you've seen this. I'm going to guess four hours, five hours, eight hours. Yeah. Well, now I feel
super good. I mean, it's, I'm just playing. It's a, it's a little bit, I would say maybe we can cut
this in half because I use my phone. Like oftentimes, when I do like, instead of doing support stuff,
like Discord support, some of my tests, yeah, like do it from somewhere else. Like I'll walk around
and stuff. So some of this stuff, I would say cut it in half, but so it's probably higher than yours.
Yeah. So there's two things. One, you don't have kids. I think not having kids before I had kids.
I probably was on my phone twice as much as I am now. The other thing is like, it does count
some things that it makes me feel a little better when I see like, on days I have a lot of calls.
I use my phone, like in Hangouts and stuff. And that's active. It counts that it's active time
on your phone because the screen never goes black, I guess. So those numbers, like, I have two
hours of meetings on Monday and like those numbers get thrown in. So it does make me feel a little
better. Like I'm maybe not spending as much time as I think. But if you go through like the apps,
it's pretty easy to tell like, Oh, I spend too much time on that app. Like the apps that don't,
you don't have an excuse. It's like that one just too high. You know what's interesting about all
this? Yeah, I'm looking at the daily breakdown. And this is confusing. Why is was term on here?
What the heck? Oh, it's because it tracks my Oh, is this track? This is all devices. This is all
devices. Oh, it does it on your Mac too? I mean, I don't use my Mac much or I guess I use my Mac
for half the day or so. Yeah, this is all devices. How do I do just my phone? I didn't know it did
all devices. Okay, because the reason that this was freaking me out, because it said 10 hours.
One day, and I'm like, how did I spend 10 hours on my phone? But, but it's not. It's like,
there's a bunch of the time is in was term. You know what's crazy about all this stuff is?
And I think this is why I do feel like it's different. Historically, you would think playing
an hour of video games falls under this category. But I would say it doesn't, because we're at the
point we're sitting down and playing in our video games without like checking your phone every five
minutes. Like, yeah, that's impressive. Because I think I think doing that stuff is fine. Like,
I think I'm thankful we were we still have this. But like me and Liz, we like sit down and watch
movies all the time. Yeah, don't people I talk to? I think you mentioned this too.
They're like, yeah, we just can't do movies anymore. Like one of us always on our phone,
like we're not paying attention, like in whatever. So yeah, like again, something that's pure
entertainment is watching a full movie. That's like now a bar. Like, yeah, do you do that without
interruption? I really want to talk about video games and movies. I have to pee real quick,
and I'm not going to make it to an hour at all. So take a break for ads or something. I'll bear
you.
Terminal dot shop.
So the gaming thing is like fresh top of mind as well, because both my boys are
I mean, addicted, it's not too strong a word. They are addicted to Minecraft. They get to play
Minecraft one hour a week. Maybe I've talked about this on the podcast on Saturday. And it's
like, it's, it's like the biggest holiday of the year every week. It's like Christmas. It's like,
they are so excited for Saturday. They talk about Minecraft all week. I think my five-year-old
in particular is just way too young to be exposed to games like that at this point.
But like, I think about my childhood and I grew up just nonstop. We played video games. Me and
my brothers, like, yeah, that was my whole childhood. My friends like grew up on Nintendo 64 and
what I was just talking with somebody a friend the other day, just about GoldenEye and Super Mario
64. I'll never forget that first day that we got them into 64 and playing Super Mario 64 is the
first like 3D game. I mean, hours and hours and hours in my childhood. And I think like,
I turned out fine. But then it's like, I don't know. There's a lot of things that
I think maybe aren't ideal about me. And maybe some of that is because I spent most of my time
playing video games growing up. I don't know. I do think there's a difference. Some games have a
very different effect, right? It was very social growing up. I feel like Minecraft is not, I would
not categorize it as one of these like, it's not a game that's like quick reward, the whole like
reward cycle thing. That's some game zoo. Yeah. Like, if you think about some like Call of Duty,
they like precision engineer, like the sound effects of getting a kill. It's like, yeah,
it's like seared in my brain. And even when I think about it, I feel a good feeling. That's like,
that's like a different thing. I feel like Minecraft is like less, like, cracked out. It's like,
like slower pace and, you know, whatever. No, I agree. It doesn't seem like it would have that,
but maybe it's just different for every person or different for types of people like ages. I don't
know. I know they're addicted because, I mean, literally my 10 year old just like spent hours
just on his watch asking Siri questions about Minecraft. It's all he thinks about.
Yeah, it's like all it's ever on his mind. And I know that feeling from being addicted to video
games. So there's like this delicate balance of, I want them to get to enjoy video games like I did
growing up. And I want the good parts of it. But then there's the like, that takes over your brain,
just like anything else that's it's different from the conversation we're having around dopamine
cycles, I think it's a very different thing to be addicted to something than to just be distracted
by everything. I don't know. You know how it, I think they always show in movies where like,
a kid smokes a cigarette and then make them smoke a whole pack of cigarettes.
Like you guys get that where you just like make them play it for like two days.
It's crazy that you we're literally going to have my 10 year old take a break for the summer and
he's not going to play Minecraft. But before we do that, he's going to get that he's going to get
like a day or two of just like eight hours if he wants to just play it nonstop and just
get all of it out of his system. I don't know if that's smart, but he just, he has so many ideas
about things he wants to do and he gets to play it one hour a week. So like the, the list of things
he wants to do in Minecraft just builds and builds and builds. We're going to be like, you know what,
get it all out of your system and then we're not going to do it. Maybe indefinitely is just like,
we need to get him off of it. Just since we told him, like he was very upset at first that we're
going to take this break from this thing that he's obsessed with. But like, he's been a different
kid. It's amazing. It's almost like he's relieved. Like he's been reading, he's been doing all these
things he used to love doing, building Lego. Like he's just, he's backed up being what seems like
himself now. He's not just so like just staring off into space. Like he just became this like,
this Minecraft child that's all that was on his brain. So it's almost like he's happy now knowing
he's not, he doesn't have to think about it. And I know from being addicted to video games,
there is like a relief when you're finally out of it. And it's like, I don't have to spend my time
doing that anymore. That's amazing. Yeah, I see that makes sense. I probably, yeah, I think it's not
just an area I can really relate to. So I don't know what it looks like. It's just such a different,
yeah, it's such a different thing to play an hour of a video game with friends or just certain
types of video games. Like it's just, it's very different from my experiences with certain video
games. It's very different from the phone problem we all have or like these dopamine interruptions,
like these terrible reward cycles that we have now. Yeah, all very different, all modern things
that can kill you. Sorry, go ahead. It's just so weird what modern side is. I going back to
this thing about like being able to sit down and play video games is actually
a good thing now. I've been literally trying to do that where so I got this is either really
funny setup now where I got this like controller thing. I posted a picture of it yesterday.
It's something that just attached to your phone. It's not it was not a switch. No,
it's not switch. It looked like a switch. Yeah. Yeah. So it's just a thing that it's really well
built in whatever it's like a dock for your phone and you get a controller on each side.
And then I use the Nvidia game streaming stuff, which by the way, this here's a crazy part.
I looked for an app in the app store and there wasn't one. I'm like, oh, this sucks. I can't
use Nvidia game streaming. I looked it up online. And it's a whole thing where Apple wants like
a crazy cut and whatever. So this this is not there.
Okay. Let me try using in Safari, like what this work. I go to the Safari site.
It literally prompts me with instructions on how to pin it to my home screen. I do that.
And it works perfectly with the controller. It feels like this is crazy. They can deliver like
a like triple A game, perfect quality, everything over network through my Safari browser.
That's insane. Yeah. That seems like there's so many reasons that should fail, but it works
well. Yeah. And it works really well. It was a really great setup. I remember like, I remember
when Stadia came out, like when Google did the Stadia thing, it was kind of like,
yeah, it didn't get a lot of traction. I thought it was really good. I mean,
I think I think they killed Stadia, not surprising. That's good. Yeah.
GeForce now is very good. And their game library is quite good.
Yeah. So now I have this like, I can like sit down away from everything and then just
relax for like an hour during this. It's funny though, I'm traveling trouble
finding games that keep my keep my attention, whereas in the past, like, and there's some games
that do nine and I have, but I can, it feels like work to some degree. So I'm like doing work
on myself by playing video games. It's like a weird situation.
Yeah. I mean, it's definitely, I know they've said like the younger generation just doesn't
do the movie thing. Like, yeah, that was like our favorite thing to do in high school is go to
movies on Friday night. I mean, that was just part of our brain. Like our brains were very suited to
that form of entertainment. And it's crazy to think like that might not be for everybody or
whole generations or just like whatever. No, thanks. I'm nice. That's still for two hours.
Yeah. It's a, I would be really upset if the economics from behind all this stuff start to
weaken like theaters have been struggling for a long time. We've known that by probably
struggling more than ever now and they're trying to reinvent themselves to some degree.
Then that's like, okay, but then there's still like streaming services and you can still watch
movies at home and people still seem to do that. If people stop doing that, then like,
can these studios even afford to make these big budget things? I saw something that Frank
told me about that. I'm like, I hate this. So, and this is specifically like a Chinese thing,
but I think there's like probably English versions of this as well. There's this app.
It's like Netflix, but they just have like a billion shows where each episode is like 10 minutes
long and it is just like the most cheesiest plots. I'm sure most of it must be AI generated now.
It's just like this is Alibaba, but for entertainment. Yeah, exactly. It's like, oh,
the you work for you're like this girl. Oh, but her dad is a mafia boss and he's pissed at you.
And then you're like, it's just like the cheesiest cliche like, you know,
back to back to back these really short episodes. And I'm like, if this is where
all the attention minutes go to and people aren't watching movies,
like that would really be a sad thing. That would be very sad.
I hate to be this guy. Man, it like to my core makes me kind of want to throw up,
but is it possible that AI will make video creation cheap enough that the big studios can
still make movies even if they make less money because AI makes them more efficient, like visual
effect or something can be like, yeah, it's possible. Not like whole movies made from AI,
but like can efficiencies of technology drive down the cost to make big movies such that
movies stick around, even if people don't watch them as much. Yeah, I think they have, right?
Like we've seen movies, Sean iPhones and stuff now. So I think that is, I guess, one mitigating
factor, but I do worry. So speaking of the thing you just brought up, there's this really great
show called the studio. It's an it's weird. I think it's I think all the good shows are just
an Apple TV in HBO now and everyone else else just makes garbage. It's called a studio. It's
on Apple TV. Seth Rogan's a main guy. Seth Rogan. Okay. It's this it's this really great show about
a film executive and there's making movies all the time. If you see VEEP or any other kind of
workplace comedy like that, where it just everyone's incompetent and just chaos happening all the
time, it's like that, but set in a in like this movie industry world. And there's always actors
in there that are playing themselves is kind of like entourage. The filmmaking style of the
cinematography of this is really, really good. They do a lot of like one take shots for the whole
episode is one take and it's got like a really unique nice set. What well done show? The reason
I bring it up is we just watched an episode yesterday where it was this hilarious episode where
so they're they're making like a cash out movie. You know how like Barbie was like this big
sellout movie that like made a bunch of money. They're trying to do that with Kool-Aid. They're
like making a Kool-Aid movie with a Kool-Aid man. Yeah. And they're super hyped because they
announced it and it goes like ultra viral on Twitter. Like it's amazing. The next day they're
like finalizing the cast and they're looking at the cast and they're like the cast ice cube
as the Kool-Aid man. Yeah. This is an awesome cast. So looking at everyone that was so great.
And someone points out, wait, is it like racist to make the Kool-Aid man black? Like is there some
like connotation with, you know, Kool-Aid being enjoyed by certain people? And they spiral into
this crazy thing where they're like consulting all these people, recasting. At some point they like,
they like made the whole, they were like, okay, it's fine for the Kool-Aid man to be black,
but his wife has to be black too and his kid has to be black too. But then they realize like,
oh no, all the animated characters are black, but then all the live action people are not black.
So like what are we trying to say here? They go this crazy spiral. It's hilarious. And there's a
little aside where they're like, because of this, like there's casting delays and everything.
The director who's like just down to do anything is like, okay, because of these delays, like we
need to save money. So we're going to use AI to like do something to CGI, like just a little
bit here and there and so we're going to just like the eyebrows and stuff like, you know, don't
go overboard. And then so that's like a little aside. And then they go this whole journey,
then they're like, you know what? The right thing to do is go to Ice Cube and ask him like,
what's the right thing to do here? And he obviously is like, you guys are being crazy.
It's like insulting that you even did this. So they just go with the original thing. Yeah.
And they announced it on stage. And everyone's happy. Everyone's excited. It went well. They're
all glad that it didn't, you know, they didn't recast do this crazy thing. That someone stands
up and asks, Hey, what are these reports that you guys are using AI to replace artists?
And then they just get like totally wrecked by this thing that they were not paying attention
to at all side. Yeah. Yeah. So because that's that's a new thing to get upset by. Anyway,
really good show. I spoil that whole episode, but it's okay. I want to watch the show now.
Yeah. It took my brain when you said the studio. I've heard of it before. I think I heard on
another podcast somebody talking about how good the show is. And they talked about the one take thing.
Yeah. Yeah. So Apple TV is a weird thing where I never hear about their shows. Like there's not
money at all. But every time I go to watch one of them, they're, that's actually surprisingly,
like really, really good. I'm going back to your point. Like, yeah, the whole AI in movies thing
is probably not not a good topic right now. Yeah. Oh, I didn't mean like, I know there's that.
I know. I've really meant, but like, you know, how people are going to take it. Yeah. Oh, yeah.
People will take it ways. I know that people are artists and AI can't be a conscious artist.
I know all that stuff. It's your right code. Huh? It's their jobs. You're taking away their jobs.
Oh, artists jobs. Yeah. Well, we might lose our jobs. So we got to, like, keep the head on
level. Everybody should. Yeah. So I guess we can't lose our jobs if we hire ourselves.
I don't even think I have a job right now. Yeah. What is your job? Do you have a job?
It's kind of floating around and somehow somehow I may survive.
Well, let's talk about open code before we get off. Well, I say that when I said I want to talk
about open code, I really just meant like, I want to sync up with you about open code. So maybe we
should just turn off the report. I can talk about one thing that's a little bit interesting. It's
somewhat open code related. So some of the other news from this week was, do you see how cursor
cut off access to Wensurf? Wait, cursor? You mean, a clock and topic and thoughtful access to Wensurf.
Yeah, it's very interesting. Yeah. So just a recap. So Wensurf got acquired by OpenAI
and anthropic gave them Fridays notice being like, yeah, we're not giving you actual models anymore.
So Wensurf had to, like, now scramble. So there's some interesting things that come out of this.
Anthropic can cut off access, but Claude is still in Wensurf. How? It's because
anthropic no longer controls their own models, because they did deal with Google and AWS and
whatever. And I'm assuming Wensurf got capacity from, from one of these other places.
So that brings up this interesting thing where these LM providers, it's clear that
infrastructure companies are going to make money from the models. Like it's, yeah,
sell providers will get a cut, but they're not really in control of this distribution anymore.
They now have to deal with these other companies selling their products on their behalf,
which is why they're all stepping more into the product category.
So that's why, you know, OpenAI bought Wensurf because they're like trying to actually build
end products with this, even though, you know, they kind of, we talk about they kind of be a
platform, whatever. If they're in that space, then you get all those weird things where they're
like cutting off access to a product because it's like kind of competitive with theirs.
I will say the Wensurf OpenAI thing is kind of an extreme test of that because it's
now owned by like a direct competitor. But it does bring up the question, like with OpenCode,
are they going to see that as this is, we are a platform and it's great that OpenCode exists
because it's built on top of our platform and it's bringing people to our models and that's good.
Or are they going to feel really competitive with the fact that they have cloud code,
which is a product they're trying to do. And OpenCode is competing with that. It reminds me a
little bit of some of the SST and AWS stuff where AWS should not have seen SST as competitive
because we were bringing customers to AWS. But AWS had projects like SST internally,
so they kind of saw it as competitive. So like cloud the organization maybe won't feel OpenCode's
competitive, but it's obviously impossible for the cloud code team to be like, not feel that,
right? Is it that simple? Is it just a human thing? It's just like a political human thing
within organizations? Like there are people who get upset about this idea of competing with some
other companies. So then it feels like AWS is competing now or trying to like compete with SST
because there's teams within AWS. They're like screw SST. We have a better thing. Yeah.
Yeah. I think so because like there's cases where it hasn't felt as much and I'm curious
about the internal structure for this, right? So I think this happens when there's people at a
company whose identity and future and whatever is built on top of a technically not necessary
product from the company's offering. So the equivalent to this is CloudFlare and Wrangler,
right? So Wrangler is a way you deploy stuff through CloudFlare. They have never given a
shit about us building a better way or a different way to do that. They've been really encouraging.
I don't know the head of Wrangler. I don't even think that even exists. I don't know how they're
organized, but they definitely do not feel like they're like trying to protect it at all. They're
trying to just get more people to use CloudFlare. They're on the overall goal. So I believe it can
be structured in a way where that's not a problem, but I don't think Cloud Code is. It seems like
a flagship product. So yeah, we'll see what happens. Yeah. And I want to understand like,
I want to understand their motivations with Cloud Code because I don't that they're not charging
for Cloud Code. It's all just tokens. It's all just usage. But do they view it as like a sales
thing? Like they're selling more max subscriptions because of Cloud Code. Like how do they view
the business value of Cloud Code internally? I think right now it's all territory grabbing.
It's not really about anything tied to selling stuff. So when you say territory grabbing,
like just getting in developer mindshare, like getting there's a space that's unoccupied right
now or like we're coming up here right now, which is CLI driven AI tools. They're boxed out from
the ID because cursor's there once over there, whatever. So they can't go that direction.
So there's this space. So I think they're trying to claim as much space as possible,
which is what like letting Cloud Pro subscribers use Cloud. That's just burning money, right?
Like I don't know. There's limits to it. Twenty dollars a month. Yeah. Yeah. So it seems like
territory grabbing right now to see like what this evolves into. And obviously they like will
reframe it with some really like visionary thing of saying, we're no, we're intentionally not
betting on the IDE because I think these agents will be so good that the IDE becomes less relevant.
It's not the tool developers spend their time in it. I don't know if we ever go that far, but
yeah, so I met some motivation. Okay. So then putting on the open code hat,
should we be excited that cloud code is investing or cloth anthropics investing heavily in cloud
code because they'll grow the space of terminals as the place where this stuff should live. And
they're going to help like grow that overall pie compared to ID versions like cursor.
And then we just need to compete with them to take more of that pie that they grew.
Or do we just want to like compete directly with them and say, if you.
Yeah, I think there's a little nuance here where whenever I talk about competition,
people will always be like, Oh, you know, the world's not zero sum, right? It's like different
layers like, yeah, to the end user, there's a not zero sum. More products in this space is great.
And you get more stuff. Yeah, for the people competing in this space, yeah, it is zero sum.
Somebody's going to use your thing or their thing. Yeah, exactly. So I think
I don't, I wish cloud code didn't exist. I think I'm fine competing with them. I think it's we're
competing on dimensions where we're actually really good at and they're not as good at.
But I'm curious what those dimensions are. Sorry. It's just all on the product side,
right? It's just like, yeah, what makes a good product? How do you want to listen to a good product?
We've thought so hard already about just little details that I don't even think they know to think
about, right? Like we had all these discussions about the exact folder structure of where things
get placed. We respect like the xdg defaults on, uh, which is like, you know, defining where
system folders are just little things like that. Like that's a really minor example. But multiply
that like times a thousand, like all the different places we do that. That's what we're competing on,
just packaging it in a better package. So yeah, for me, like, I want to be the default. I don't
want cloud code to be the one growing the space. I want open code to be the one growing the space.
Yeah. So when I think of the major advantages we have, it would be
the two things. It's open source. Cloud code is not. So we have that whole community side of it,
potentially. And we're not tied to anthropic. So for the three months of the year or six months
of the year where some other model is better, yeah, you can use that model theoretically.
Yeah. Forgot I get any other model to call tools and not just be an idiot. Yeah.
Yeah, exactly. And it's just funny. I was thinking about this morning. I'm like,
sometimes I get these like really clear visuals of abstract concepts. I get this visual of this,
like, damn, that's like there. And there's like a bunch of piling up behind the dam.
And it's just like so much stuff piling behind it that you know, when the dam breaks, all this
stuff is going to flood out. I feel that way about Gemini, because I'm just like, oh, yeah,
one on the planet is just waiting for Gemini not to be stupid at tool calling. And the moment
that happens, like, there's going to be a flood of all this stuff, like so much is going to change.
I've said it before, I still think Google is my bet. I mean, I'd worry if I were anthropic,
if they're trying to just be the developer thing, I feel like Google's going to wipe
all the like all the verticals out. I just feel like Google's going to win this battle. But yeah,
we were talking about this yesterday, where this feels like a repeat of Microsoft, where
you remember how, or not remember, it's still happening. Microsoft just has a foothold in
office, like they had their office software, all businesses were using office. And with every single
new thing that came, they just kept winning because they had this existing customer base.
And Google has the same thing with Google Workspace. So they're rolling out Gemini to like all these
crazy big customers, just because it's integrated with Google Workspace. So I think,
yeah, that's another reason, like some of those distribution things just end up winning in the
end. So yeah, I would make that same bet. Yep. Yeah, it's very clear to see on the coding
assistant side, like the model is very smart. And you can hand it an entire code base and ask it
to like come up with a solution to a problem. It's so much better than the other models at coming
up with that solution in my experience. And I've tried them all a lot. If they just knew how to do
the hands off tool calling stuff, if it would just call the tools reliably, like anthropic has
gone so hard on that path, man, I wouldn't I wouldn't touch anthropic models. I don't have
a reason to sign it still. I mean, even cloud four, I was just I'm so disappointed in sign it for
cloud four. I just built it up in my mind is this like moment that's going to just be like,
because they're the best at developer stuff. They're most focused on developer stuff,
cloud four is going to be this huge shift. And it's just really it's still pretty stupid,
if we're being honest. I mean, like from like a big brain standpoint, it's okay at doing I mean,
it's really good at calling tools. And that's its thing. But if we could get a model that had the
intelligence of Jim and I, and and even like, oh, three, that intelligence with the tool calling
ability of an anthropic model. Yeah, it's gonna be amazing.
Yeah, exactly. Not tight being tight says cool. And going back to this product thing, I was I
posted that a day like, man, I was just so many years spent on terminal tools, like, like building
this new version of open code, I'm like really feeling all that experience, because so much of
it is like, familiar ground. There was that post where someone was complaining, because cloud
code has this like mode where you can just give it a task and just have it run in CLI mode. So
it's not interactive. So it's outputting stuff. And someone was complaining. This is annoying,
because in this mode, I want to see everything it did. It's not this like interactive thing where I
want like the more minimal view that it normally shows. And yeah, we've been there, we know that
with SST, there's like interactive mode, and that needs to look completely different from
running it like when it runs in CI, like there needs to be a different mode when it runs there.
And like, the way you wire all that up and and reuse things between the two, like,
it just so familiar to me, I've done it before. And like, we'll have like a better output in CLI
mode than they do. And I'm sure eventually as the stuff gets copied, but I like the fact that
all of these things that people bring up are product things. They're not so much. It's all
packaging stuff. And so I would like I'm happy competing with anthropicon on that on that zone.
Yeah, I know every team working in this space, because there's a million people working on these
types of tools. I know everybody thinks they've got secret sauce. I am very excited and pleased
about where we're at and what we can launch maybe next week, like compared to cloud codes
specifically. If we just compare the tool we're going to have versus cloud code, there's just a
whole bunch of advantages using open code that don't either can't be replicated in cloud code or
haven't been yet. Yeah, it's just going to be very obviously a better product from next week on.
I'm excited to get it out there. Yeah, I think we got to get it out soon-ish because
again, going back to the same thing earlier, we like we can only go so long without launching
before we start to lose steam. Yeah, yeah. So that that's a good real factor to
Yeah, and cloud codes having a moment. Like, it's definitely been on Twitter a lot
for what that's worth. All right, on that note. All right, should maybe get to it. See you.
[Music]